README.md, before:

# AnnuNgLib

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.0.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Enabling Live Reload of Library and the Pages App simultaneously.
ng serve - will run a local server for pages app that live reloads both library and pages app changes.

README.md, after:

# AnnuNgLib

The objective of this project to develop a framework that can provide all required bolts and nuts to retail requirements, for example: Hiring and Jobs Retail Shopping and e-commerce Tour, Travel & hotels Web classifieds, etc.

## Using Live reload of library and pages app for local development.
`ng serve` will start a local dev server at http://localhost:4200 and loads annu-ng-lib-pages app. Any code changes in any of the annu-ng-lib (library) and the annu-ng-lib-pages (pages app), will hot reload in the browser.
### How this is enabled:
* One `index.ts` file is created in `projects/annu-ng-lib/src/lib` and exported all library angular items that need to be exposed publically.
* `public-api.ts` needs to export all from this `index.ts`.
* The last thing is to add `paths` to the root `tsconfig.base.json` to point to this `index.ts`.
* This is all, now you just need to import library in your main app module.

## Build Library 

Run `ng build annu-ng-lib` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/annu-ng-lib` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Build Library Pages
Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/annu-ng-lib-pages` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Generate alternate & optional Library documentation static site.
* Run `npm run docs`, will create a `documentation` folder in root, that contains all static documentation code.
* Run `npm run docs:serve`, will start a local static web server at http://localhost:8080 that will serve the static library documentation.
* This documentation support can be removed later once pages app is completed.
